DO NOT MERGE: WCAG content prototype 2 (#3279)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/accessibility/WCAG-2.2/index.md

---

> title: Changes to the Design System to meet WCAG 2.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Changes to the Design System to comply with WCAG 2.2
```

description: Outlines the current principles and work needed to improve the accessibility of the GOV.UK Design System
section: Accessibility
layout: layout-pane.njk
showPageNav: true
order: 2
---

> W3C [owns and manages WCAG 2.2](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/). The Design System team has updated the Design System to meet WCAG 2.2. Any guidance we provide is to make sure teams using the Design System are aware of the changes and can make the necessary adjustments to their services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W3C [owns and manages the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.2](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/). The Design System team has updated the Design System to meet WCAG 2.2. Any guidance we provide is to make sure teams using the Design System are aware of the changes and can make the necessary adjustments to their services.
```
